
Alec was tall and gangly. A man approached him. The man was scary, and wore a hood. "Where'd ya learn ta hack ma boi?"
Alec was taken aback. He responded, hastily, "What the fricking frick did you just fricking say about me, you little fricking frick? I’ll fricking have you know I fricking graduated top of my fricking class in the fricking Navy Seals, and I’ve fricking been involved in numerous secret fricking raids on Al-fricking-Quaeda, and I fricking have over 300 confirmed fricking kills. I am fricking trained in gorilla fricking warfare and I’m the top fricking sniper in the entire fricking US armed forces. You are fricking nothing to me but just another fricking target. I will fricking wipe you the frick out with fricking precision the fricking likes of which has never fricking been seen before on this fricking Earth, mark my fricking words. You fricking think you can fricking get away with saying that fricking shit to me over the fricking Internet? Think again, you fricking frick. As we fricking speak I am fricking contacting my fricking secret network of fricking spies across the fricking USA and your fricking IP is being fricking traced right fricking now so you better fricking prepare for the fricking storm, you fricking frick. The fricking storm that fricking wipes out the fricking pathetic little fricking thing you call your fricking life. You’re fricking dead, you fricking frick. I can fricking be anywhere, any fricking time, and I can fricking kill you in over seven hundred fricking ways, and that’s just with my fricking bare hands. Not only am I extensively fricking trained in fricking unarmed combat, but I have fricking access to the entire fricking arsenal of the fricking United States Marine Corps and I will fricking use it to its full fricking extent to wipe your fricking miserable ass off the fricking face of the fricking continent, you fricking little fricking frick . If only you could have fricking known what unholy fricking retribution your little fricking “clever” comment was about to fricking bring down upon you, maybe you would have fricking held your fricking tongue. But you fricking couldn’t, you fricking didn’t, and now you’re fricking paying the fricking price, you fricking goddamn fricking frick. I will fricking shit fury all over you and you will fricking drown in it. You’re fricking dead, you fricking frick."
he was in the himilayan mountains
he loved Kyle he was a math major

